More pre release fixes (#212)
blackstork-io/fabric: docs/language/context.md

}
```

content block will render `Hello, World!`.

### Inheritance

Variables defined in a parent block (such as `document` or `section`) are available for use in

> nested blocks. Note that nested blocks can redefine a variable in their context, overwriting the
> parent variable's value.

Reviewer: I'd reserve "overwriting" for the ref-vars situation, and use shadowing in the nesting situation, it seems more intuitive.
```suggestion
nested blocks. Note that nested blocks can redefine a variable in their context, shadowing the
parent variable's value inside their scope.
```
